c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Users\Victor\Desktop\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Projects\ASP.NET-MVC-ALURA\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
C:\Projects\Asp.Net-MVC-Stock\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
